flavinttv@gmail.com 0.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv2@gmail.com 1.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv3@gmail.com 2.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv4@gmail.com 3.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv5@gmail.com 4.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv6@gmail.com 5.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv7@gmail.com 7.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv8@gmail.com 7.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv9@gmail.com 5.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv10@gmail.com 4.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv11@gmail.com 3.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv12@gmail.com 2.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv13@gmail.com 1.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv14@gmail.com 9.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv15@gmail.com 1.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv16@gmail.com 2.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv@gmail.com 0.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv2@gmail.com 1.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv3@gmail.com 2.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv4@gmail.com 3.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv5@gmail.com 4.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv6@gmail.com 5.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv7@gmail.com 7.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv8@gmail.com 7.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv9@gmail.com 5.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flaviomartil5@gmail.com 0.02 Success
flavinttv10@gmail.com 4.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv11@gmail.com 3.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv12@gmail.com 2.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv13@gmail.com 1.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv14@gmail.com 9.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv15@gmail.com 1.5 Invalid withdrawal address
flavinttv16@gmail.com 2.5 Invalid withdrawal address
